5 Sphinx integration (#6)
quantumion/PyVCAM: docs/source/usage.rst

Usage
=====

Saving an Image to Disk
-----------------------

To capture an image, the :meth:`get_frame() <pyvcam.driver.PyVCAM.get_frame>` function returns a 2D Numpy array.
To convert the returned array to a visible image, additional tools are required, one of which is shown as an example below.

Using the Pillow library
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> To save an image to disk, the ``Image`` class from the Python library ``PIL`` has to be imported first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One method of saving an image to disk uses the ``Image`` class from ``[pillow](https://python-pillow.org/)``.
```
Only one method of many possible.
